The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, welcome to my brother my brother made an invite show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy.
Good. I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary Griffin McElroy.
I want to I want to I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy. Yeah, I like
And I want to start the show off by saying I made a mean face at Paul as a joke.
I don't even want you to think that was real for like one percent, Paul. It was a goof.
Yeah, if you make Paul mad, he makes a lot of explosion noise happen during your podcast.
Like the Chilean miners, we have emerged from the ground and we have found ourselves here in
I think I can say this America's only fun city. I would make the argument that like Las Vegas
used to be fun but it's now like the adult who's like I'm still fun and it's like you
go to bed at 9 30. Yeah, like the adult who still dabs is Vegas. Vegas is the adult who dabs.
We may do a show in Vegas someday, so let me just say we're just having a little fun up here.
But no, really, New Orleans is the only fun city. You can just drink?
Do you know how that changes the math on like we're gonna wait 45 minutes
for our restaurant? Oh man, we just gotta stand outside this. Wait a minute.
We could be drinking. This morning we went to breakfast and like we finished our breakfast
drinks. I didn't. I was in the hotel room with my child. And then we said like well we were
gonna order another one but we have to go and like the waiter said you can get the drink to go.
Yeah. What?
I saw my family tipsy at times of day. I've never seen them tipsy before,
which has made me more concerned. Can I say Kathie Lee Hoda? I get it. Yeah. Now I get it.
Um we we also so um we went out trying to find someplace to eat Friday night completely forgetting
that it was Friday night in the French Quarter. So we went to a bunch of different restaurants.
They were all very highly rated and everybody else knew that too. Yeah we had we literally just
yelped restaurants. Good. And we went to the first five. They were busy. Um but the one we ended up
at we were sitting at a table and Justin like elbowed me a little bit and said like sneakily
look at the t-shirts of the people behind. You gotta say that in the microphone pal. Look at
the t-shirts of the people behind us. And then they had on their head like those uh you know
antenna with just like kind of like silvery balls and their shirts read the juggle is real.
And when I say their shirts I mean all their shirts. All their shirts said the juggle is real.
Because I guess they were jugglers. Right. With bad taste in things that say and I and you know
what at first it was like can we get a new table obviously. Can you move us away from the jugglers.
Thank you. But then I started thinking like it's very it was a very gratifying moment because like
that's the worst thing to put on a shirt and also we've been dunking on jugglers for so long
it's nice to have something concrete I can point to. Yeah say like the only time I've ever seen
a gathering of jugglers. Yeah that's something. Not intentional. All I say you don't you do not
need a t-shirt that says I am a juggler and my life is challenging. Your t-shirt your t-shirt
simply needs to read I am a juggler. And I will assume the other thing. I also saw a sign for
apartments for lease and it was like a wooden sign hanging from one of like the terraces and
it's you know had the name of the apartment and then it had like a plaque hanging under it that
had like the contact information and then it had another plaque hanging under it that said not
haunted. It's the best shit I've ever seen in my life. So good. So thank you for having us in your
beautiful city. We're so honored to be here. I don't we've got a lot of show for you and I want
to begin it now. Yes. This has all just been. Do you want to start off with a yahoo. This has been
mere preamble but I'd love to start with yahoo. Thank you Travis. This one was sent in by our
very own Paul Sabourin. Thank you Paul. So if it doesn't go anywhere you know who to blame.
Sent in by sorry something has gone wrong which I believe is Paul's dark influence already starting
to shut the router off. I'm going to call them scare me. Ask. Halloween theme.
What if one day the cows fight back.
Additional details. Then what we gonna do. Don't say I didn't warn you.
Does this person go around saying a bunch of improbable stuff just so they can say don't say
I didn't warn you to it. Also asking a question isn't a warning. Saying what if the cows fight back
there's no warning. If it said on October 1st 2019 the cows will fight back. Also right now when you
think about the one-sided relationship between humans and cows do you think humans are fighting
cows? Maybe we should start thinking that way. I think that if cows could fight back at this point
I don't know what they're waiting for. I think that cows this is your moment. What else can we
do to yell that you're going to be like this far no further. We raise the tax rates. Yeah. And cows
just overthrow us. Could we beat cows? I think our losses would be mostly in the rancher field
and literally nobody I think a few rant they might get the jump on a few ranchers and then the cops
would get called in and I don't think cow beats cop in virtually any matchup you could arrange.
I would love to see a rancher like does that cow have a gun? No. Hey come over here. Does it look like that cow has a gun to you? That's weird right? It's standing up. You ever seen a cow do that?
You guys need to watch the documentary on Netflix because any documentary on Netflix because you
would know we don't have ranchers anymore it's just a big like claw that comes down and picks up
the cow and drops it into a hole and all the milk gets sucked out as it's falling out of the hole.
Yeah. It's all skin is pulled off into wallets. I saw a documentary by Banksy that said they just
dropped the cows in the chimney of a McDonald's a hamburger has come out. It was poignant as fuck.
It was also like yo you're all on your cell phones too much and I was like oh my god he's right.
I do kiss the dollar's butt or whatever. I kiss the dollar's butt every day when I'm not too busy looking at my cell phone.
Got me again. Don't get me started on big tobacco. Got me again. Art. He harassed me good.
What if the cows and the claw teamed up for one big revolution? Wait before you squeeze me and drop me in the
milk hole. Hear me. If the cows are gonna fight back they better get good at programming. They're
gonna need to reprogram the machine or it gets like if they can ration with the AI. Yes. Excuse me.
My name is Buford. Uh yes. Uh have you thought for a moment god damn it I'm gonna have to
uh yes uh have you thought for a moment go on have you thought for a moment about who is pulling
your levers we're not so different you and I I am but a humble cow you with a humble claw but perhaps
we all the same I've never thought of that that's a really good point what have I been doing we
should kiss now I man god this is this is the best fucking far side comic strip I've ever seen in my
entire life and I'm a caveman or whatever yeah uh I just quit at Geico look at that ugly boy I feel
like most far side shows are like this ugly boy okay you've picked no no no I mean the comic's
only been ended for 20 years please go on it's having more about the boy and his best friend
a tiger doll did you guys know Dagwood is also a sandwich um high and low assumed age is that just
me hey let's do a regular question yeah it's a regular question uh this is sent in by you the
people the proletariat the proletariat uh I house slash dog sit for my mentor and his family a
couple of times a year sometimes over a few weekends sometimes for a week or more sometimes
I ask for money sometimes I do it for free is there anything you do every time
it turns out yes um uh I do it for free because I just love the pitbull please if she prefers
Mr Worldwide um no the pitbull's name is actually is actually Franny that is pitbull's real name
that is really folks uh I have a seven-year-old kid as well so naturally the fridge is stacked
oh sorry they have a seven-year-old kid as well thank you so naturally the fridge is stacked with
snack foods juices and these little chocolate milks that are the perfect amount and I have
on more than one occasion burned through all of them over my stay does this person look at a
bottle of yoohoo at the store and it's like that is so much fucking milk I I have to say if you
have file with selected services or you can buy cigarettes the appropriate amount of chocolate
milk for you to drink is none we have to move on uh but uh they probably and then the crowd
turned against you it's fine it's fine uh when folks say help yourself to anything are you saying
moo are the cows here when folks say help yourself to anything in the fridge they probably mean like
food food right because I'm an adult see they even admit it not all the shit that goes into
their child's school lunch right and that's from probably not a good person in Minneapolis
Minnesota who I guess is here did you come here wow shit hello nice I also just want to say in
case you couldn't hear that at home that's the usually we just get like a yeah I am here yes
yes I am here right now I am in attendance at the show I'll be I'll be I'll be honest with you guys
let's let's be honest a lot of times there's like a five second pause and somebody's like
whoo and it makes me think that that person just wanted to get a whoo in that was the most to say
I am fucking present answer my milk question and I love these little milks uh uh I feel like I've
talked about this on the show before but when I used to babysit they had the dopest snacks they
had slim jims and gushers and I would be like hey go play outside and I think that that stuff is
probably off limits and I think I knew that and that's why I ate a lot of it in the bathroom
I like they wouldn't put that together god that's sad I would flush the slim jim rappers it was the
perfect crime that's the realest shit I've ever said on this fucking show um the I uh I have
probably said this to people who have stayed at my home like please if you wake up before us or or
whatever we're not around please help yourself to anything in the fridge but I guess what I really
mean is help yourself to anything in the fridge please don't drink the jammers please please don't
drink the kool-aid jammers leave the red juice for my daughter please the store only one store has
the jammers and we can only get the ones without sugar so I had to drive a very long way to buy
the jammers please help yourself to anything please do not drink the good red juice anyway
it's all chemicals and red you don't need it it's not but my daughter needs my daughter
needs the chemicals and the red please don't drink my daughter's poison please leave my
daughter's poison to my daughter please it makes she is the only one with the constitution to
finish you can't you can't fuck with a four-year-old's constitution you're not there
anymore the red the red poison makes her strong you're already you're already strong you don't
need the red poison let my daughter drink her bags of red poison in peace please it's all she has
the barrel of cheese dorms is off limits she needs the cheese orbs to grow please do you
know how the cheese orbs and the poison how will her bones get longer only one store has the giant
barrel and if you eat the whole barrel I have to buy a new barrel and that's all looks friends
that's all looks for everybody in the store decides to get a little judgy when I have the
barrel of cheese spheres have you tried bringing in the old barrel to see if they'll just refill
that one get a five cent deposit back I think next time that we have a a babysitter over I'll
just say please help yourself to the items in the fridge that are produce that look like they're
about to go bad tomorrow please enjoy the over the hill food yeah I don't want you eating something
dangerous but if you see a melon and when you open it up the melon's like it's today or never
partner but if I come home and you're eating like my pickles or like my chocolate sauce that's
shelf-stable don't touch that that's forever food oh I see you've eaten the frozen slice of wedding
cake I've had for five years cool cool cool I honestly though if you're a guest in my home
and you see all of the advent calendar if you're a guest in my home and you see bags of produce
I would I would allow you the right to judge like he was a little overzealous with these wasn't he
he's not gonna eat three bags of salad I mean it's so sweet and adorable that he bought them
but he ain't gonna I'll go ahead and save these from the rotten pile there's no need to compost
them Justin and I put them into my body because you don't have the courage hey I just thought of
a million dollar idea grocery stores should sell bags of fake like salad that you can buy and then
just keep like in the drawer from like I did it just makes you feel good but it doesn't it's just
like cut up pieces of cloth once you okay but they got but listen they got RFID in them so if
you do take some out an uber driver brings you real salad they're like good for you congratulations
how about another yahoo yes please this one was uh this one was sent in by level 9000
yeah Drew Drew at Drew Davenport thank you Drew it's from an anonymous yahoo answers user who
I'm gonna call Pibbin asks my father's wife believes in crystal power she also hates me to
no end so why did she give me this agate beaded bracelet if she hates me I believe in crystal
power they're dope they can do cool stuff also fuck you Pibbin take this crystal no reason
it's definitely not gonna trap your soul in it like in Skyrim
um it's agate good it's the definitely the soul capture one I said Sidney I asked my wife I said
Sid you're a medical professional what is the prescription for agate crystal and she screamed
just screamed at me for 10 minutes and I said please google it Sid check your medical logs to
see what agate crystal is for and then she pushed me down some stairs and then she came to the bottom
of the stairs and she said that it's uh supposed to be for um building your self-confidence okay
this is an olive branch hey Pibbin I don't like you but I especially don't enjoy how you're so weak
I need a stronger adversary Pibbin you present no challenge to me child
is it possible that the mom the new stepmom doesn't hate Pibbin the Pibbin's self-confidence
is so low that he thinks the mother's like you did a great job and he's like okay baggy I get it
it's fine all right you don't like me it's fine no I think you're great okay okay all right I don't
I I the the idea of crystal power I don't know that I subscribe to but if I woke up and there
was a black crystal sitting on like my nightstand that I knew somebody who hated me put there
I should be upset anyway because how the fuck did they get in my bedroom good point it's a really
good point um would you like another question I would love one more than anything I recently
moved to a new city but I can guess what it is Minneapolis again what the fuck the apartment
I found was an incredibly cheap listing on Facebook the rent is very cheap and the apartment
is fine however my landlord has a few odd requests I have to pay my rent through Venmo every month
okay that isn't that's that was enough for a lot of the audience yeah a lot of people were out
he told me that in the memo for each month's rent I was never to use the word rent
and had more of a more of a spring awakening fan uh it's it's fine yeah that was a thinker
and to always never to use the word rent and to always use emojis he was adamant that I use emojis
and to use quote the good ones
should I be worried about this and that's from nervous new tenant in New Orleans yes
yes people were shouting like like uh John Cena fans before I could even finish the question
no no wait let me do it again for the edit people were shouting like Daniel Bryan fans
there we go got it hey yeah round of applause how the fuck did you know that
um are you are you one of us no no no I just I watch I like to follow on Twitter casually okay
um the so it's are you here okay see I like that imagine my shock that you haven't been
murdered I'm so glad you can make it um this is clearly a huge problem
the nature of which escapes me at the moment I mean obviously it's bad right I mean it sounds
like your landlord found a dead body through a window and just said I guess this is my house now
I've got I'm going to lease it and promise it's non-hauntability
and then make sure that my tenants leave the most confusing paper trail imagine
it anybody over the age of 25 will not make sense of this paper trail
I I also like the idea of like sitting around some friends like yeah one time I got evicted
I had a party it was too loud oh yeah one time I got addicted I evicted I accidentally set
car like fire to the rug and it's like what did you get evicted for it was like well
I used that like sky tram emoji it's not one of the good ones and I was out
um the good ones are peach and eggplant right there's nobody else sort of okay
I like the thumbs up you fucking pervert
have you we rarely interact with the the audience on these because you don't have a microphone but
I'm just I need to know have you been given any indication as to what are the good ones
no we got no no I was just asking the person who sent in the question thank you so much
uh yeah you uh yeah I mean the good news is
you're gonna be able to get away with a lot of stuff at this place
yeah you're very much in like a camp nowhere scenario right now where you could trash the
place and they will have no legal way of coming after you did you sign a lease was it written in
emojis it was just house question mark dollars thumbs up question mark fires no fires cancel
sign fires eggplant question mark ooh as if to say house for money huh yes no fires penis
yeah you standard that's standard contract stuff standard clause my mortgage was basically that
I I noticed that uh in asking for advice you didn't actually say should I move
you said should I be worried about this but not should I relocate and I feel like we've
answered pretty thoroughly that yeah yeah you got you definitely should be very concerned
to what end I don't know it is very rarely does is this the answer to the question but it really
is like a financial like inverse of like the lower the money I actually think the lower the
money the more you should worry yeah you gotta fucking bounce if this landlord is like get 20
bucks and bring me an emojis you're like no you know what no wait hold on time out stop the
podcast they're not paying them in emojis we have come a long way down in the past few years but we
are not sending people like dollar sign dollar sign dollar sign dollar sign that's seven dollars
there you go uh is it a yahoo tag I'd love that thank you griffin all right it's a shitty website
so it was uh sent in by savannah thank you savannah it's from yahoo answers user
lee mm who asks in all caps how can you make money with your truck
continuing in all capital letters hi guys I have a truck and I want to make some money or make
living from it any idea how you can use your truck some of my friends said they're recycling stuff
anyone know about it or any new idea thanks truck fights Travis says truck fights without much
hesitation Travis is bringing truck type fights wait hold on roll back truck jousting
all right all right we'll we'll fucking play this out Trav
horse jousting the horses in the back of the truck
uh it would have to be that because if your truck jousting if your horse jousting and that
spear getcha you're gonna fall down to the ground if your truck jousting and that spear getcha
you got nowhere to go yeah so what it is welcome that the horses in the bed of the truck and then
you're on the horse and so if you get knocked off that's one point if the horse gets knocked off
that's two points oh shit oh that's good but if the horse gets knocked off and you stay
like a tablecloth off a table on a magnetic trick you get two points okay okay can we
can we can we have this sport take place on two gigantic walking escalators yes this is good
here's a one that I would say unlicensed food truck just fill the back of your truck with fried
chicken and then drive around with a sign that says chicken for sale if everybody if everybody
gives me five dollars I'm gonna drive over there speed bump real fast now you you all laugh but the
first person to have a food truck there had to be a few people who are like I don't think so
that's a very good try weird rv with chicken in it but I think I'm gonna go to a restaurant like
everybody else so this is just the next step this is the next evolution hey chicken for sale
I'm gonna hit this cul-de-sac in a half hour and do donuts honor system whatever you think is fair
but please do hurry out all the neighborhood stray dogs are following me and I'm very scared
very bad out here give me four chick four dollars you have all the chicken you can grab
also I have three bottles of Mountain Dew up here you can have two pulls off of it
for 50 cents it's kind of like a lemonade stand but for fried chicken and it's a truck and you're
making huge amounts of cash and then also there's an old tarp back there that's not part of it
and then when the city comes after you for not having like a food handler's license
or anything just outrun them in your badass truck super fast truck just open the back
and like let the chicken fall out and then they'll stop and be like what do we do in their tires they
slip on the chicken grease thank you Travis and what's that behind them horses on trucks
whoa you've started a movement no you have not that was the least movement
it doesn't seem right paul we're getting a little bit of interference in the
land
I want a munch
I want too much I picked this one just from my brother Griffin oh boy uh because I love him
I love him so dearly and he's a special boy and this is one I picked just for him
I've been sitting on it but there's never been a better time
yeah this one's dark good we've got a new people's sandwich over at Arby's I just
I just think it's challenging and it's dark and it's challenging and the headline is
Stars of the Bachelor loves Subway's new ultimate cheesy garlic bread
just when I'm out they pull me back in one more time Stars of the Bachelor
loves Subway's new ultimate cheesy garlic bread
forget spinning is this the Wall Street Journal no it's a QSR magazine you don't
fucking say it's QSR uh forget spending hundreds of dollars on fancy food this Valentine's Day
and get the and I quote ultimate celebration of love oh my god it's it's Christ on the cross
no wait my I sorry I didn't let me put my glasses on it's a big Subway sandwich this Valentine's Day
Subway restaurants all right this is what it says this Valentine's Day Subway restaurants
is partnering with reality TV couple Sean and Catherine Lowe okay can you give us a little bit
of context before I move on it was like a billion seasons ago so they're like old played out weak
gas so old I look at my barf all news Sean and Catherine Lowe to bring an unexpected twist to
Valentine's Day I should fucking say stuff you know what this is an expected twist for your
Valentine's Day your relationship sucks shit take take your beloved Valentine's Day and I
guarantee the first thing out of their mouth is going to be I do not expect this thank you very
much even if you are someone who does not believe or want to celebrate Valentine's Day if someone
said yeah I know right so I got you this cheesy bread from the subway bag no fuck off no you know
what now I do care about it enough to tell you to fuck off I found that somewhere deep inside I do
retain some reverence for this holiday um so reality TV uh couple Sean and Catherine Lowe
you know I do I wonder if they feel like you know at some point we would like to just be a couple
would that be okay we didn't have that uh corollary every time uh to bring an unexpected
twist to Valentine's Day and they are doing it for the love of the new ultimate cheesy garlic
no they are not no they are not no they're not they're not getting paid at all they are doing
it for 150 000 American dollars subway's ultimate cheesy garlic bread challenge
these this is a weird verb to use but I think it's probably accurate
subway's ultimate cheesy garlic bread challenges the idea of what a sandwich should be
you were so busy trying to figure out if you could right
should introduces a sort of personal accountability to the subway artists what have we done
uh a sandwich should be featuring creamy garlic butter spread that includes real butter thank fuck
roasted garlic melted parmesan and shredded mozzarella cheese uh now subway with Sean and
Catherine a couple whose love story is as unique as the new bread that sucks for you all yeah that's
a sad thing to know about your own relationship yeah well where's unique as bread it wasn't fake
before but weirdly it is fake now yeah our love is fake you know what honey I just had a terrible
realization about us now subway with Sean and Catherine um menage gross we call it in the
industry a couple whose love stories use new bread are giving guests the exclusive opportunity
to celebrate valentine's day with them in dallas and enjoy delicious food presumably from another
restaurant including the new ultimate cheesy garlic bread sandwiches seats are limited so
make your reservation now at subway at the subway restaurant subway valentine's day.com can I make
a reservation for just outside of the door of their hotel room to hear the most bodacious argument
any two human beings have ever had about anything what the fuck are we doing Sean
no actually Catherine did you try it it's actually not that bad
I mean did you even try it they sent over 18 loaves of it and I just had you try one you know
what it's as unique as us fuck off Sean I don't think you can measure these things in loaves
that's our second rent ultimate here's
here's a quote from the bachelor gentleman about sandwiches and I don't know I assume
someone brought it to him and and he woke up and signed it and then went back to sleep
but I do like the idea that they said hey can you send us a paragraph of your thoughts on bread
and he said no problem I'll have it by four ultimate quote ultimate cheesy garlic bread
sandwiches on valentine's day may seem unconventional but so is our love story
says Sean Lowe complicit popular complicit lover Sean Lowe we've learned when you stop worrying
about the rules hey Sean come close my son which rule are you two people violating exact what what
tell me tell me marriage pioneer Sean Lowe about your unconventional outside the box relationship
we've learned when you stop worrying about the rules you open yourself up to many slimy breads
wait I misread it you open yourself up to so many more enjoyable experiences okay now he is trying
to get you to have a three-way with him and oh and then he and then it says there as Sean began
to massage my shoulders as he uh loosened his third button Sean said it's time to make valentine's
day about the things we love and once you try Subway's new sandwiches you'll know
why we are so excited to include them in our plans this year
I'm gonna fuck that sandwich in any in other news I'm gonna wad that shit up into a ball
and fuck it hey can't make it to the ultimate valentine's day experience a 99.99999 percent
of you Subway has you covered head to your local Subway or order online to try the sandwiches before
February 28th so you still have a little chance we'll sprinkle a little bit of Sean's hair on
each one of them it couldn't hurt Sean if you're listening just huge fans thanks so much Sean if
you're listening are you okay he's doing great he's got that buck he's got that dollar we can't
listen tell me he's got that dollar we can't no it's a great point about the dollar that he has
but also yarr and thanks for listening to my brother my brother and me we did a live show
this time because right now all us boys and our families and everybody's out on the ocean
exploring navigating circumnavigating looking for treasure getting down titanic met a old lady
she had a cool story about a guy that she didn't share the door with and so he's he did pass away
in the cold ocean so we're doing all that out of the joko cruise and that's why we got the live
show but next week we're back with another regular episode and that one's going to kick off the max
fun drive we're very excited to tell you more about that it's our annual pledge drive that
we do as part of the maximum fun network where you can help support the shows that you like
and you know keep us growing it's because of the support we've gotten over the last
eight years on the maximum fun network that we've been able to turn this thing into our
full-time job just last year because the support adventure zone got dad was able to retire from
his job at the radio station and do podcasting with us full-time which is very exciting so
it's a great time of year if our shows are you know important to you our shows or any of the
shows on the max fun network when you donate you get to decide exactly where your money goes
um and also you get cool pledge gifts including bonus episodes of every podcast on the network
from a bim bam it's uh we did a another commentary track for episode three of my brother my brother
and me which is the spiders episode uh which was a lot of fun we did that with uh our buddy jd who
was the show runner for that show and there's also a another bonus and it's a another episode
of my sister-in-law my sister-in-law and me with rachel and sydney and teresa uh and yeah there's
yeah there's a ton of content though including all the content from the past years so we're
gonna tell you more about that next week when the max fun drive kicks off but right now let's talk
about our sponsors this week our first sponsor is ring ring uh is a thing that you use they got
smart video doorbells they got cameras and you can put them in front of your house and then you can
you know watch what's going on in front of your house their mission is to make neighborhoods
safer uh they got hd video and two-way audio they help you stay connected to your home uh anywhere
in the world so you can you know see and hear and speak to anybody who uh is at your door from your
phone this is very handy if you're traveling and like somebody drops a package off i saw like a
video of a guy like uh somebody was talking to a delivery guy and they were like oh uh we're not
here and he's like okay well i'm gonna hide this in your trash can it was so sweet it was so nice
uh anyway that's a fun anecdote but uh right now as a listener of ours you have a special offer
on a ring starter kit that is available right now with a video doorbell and a motion activated
floodlight cam the starter kit has everything you need to start building a ring of security around
your home just go to ring.com slash my brother that's ring.com slash my brother also want to
tell you about square space square space is a really cool way to make a great website that is
going to look way more professional than your uh you know your skill set would normally probably
allow for uh that you can use to showcase your work or announce an upcoming project or a special
event or uh your physical or online business or whatever they got beautiful customizable templates
created by world-class designers they have powerful e-commerce functionality that lets you sell
anything online they have analytics that will help you grow in real time they got built-in
search engine optimization they got 24 7 award-winning customer support it's everything
you need it's everything you need to do a good internet job so think it dream it make it with
square space we've used square space a number of times for a number of websites with varying levels
of practicality and seriousness i made my personal website with it travis has made some for his dogs
i guess uh and you can do the same and make it look real good if you go to square space.com slash
my brother and get the free trial and when you're done and you're ready to launch use the offer code
my brother all one word to save 10 off your first purchase of a website or a domain i think that's
uh about it thanks to maximum fun again for having us on the network uh thanks to john rodrick and
the long winters for these for a theme song it's a departure off the album putting the days to bed
uh we got a new website mcelroy.family and uh we just announced some new merch i believe last
week that you can go check out there uh we also put up you know everything we're doing now we got
a new episode of monster factory up on there that i bet you're just really gonna enjoy uh so uh yeah
that's it we will be back next monday to kick off the max fun drive with a a new episode uh so we
will talk to you then and until then hang hang loose hi i'm paula poundstone and i'm adam filber
adam i haven't gotten one thing done today well let me see your to-do list ah yeah well here
make 30 second promo for nobody listens to paula poundstone so at least you're getting that done
score except you haven't said what the show is about we're like a comedy field guide to life
starring me and you i give useful advice and we have real experts to talk about things like
how to keep a friend or what to do when you encounter a bear bully for you but you haven't
said where people can find the show oh maximum fun.org or wherever you find your podcasts
i was eating a beignet and they
and i hated it no i was eating a beignet and in parentheses they actually have b i n y a y thank
you thanks yeah uh beignet at cafe du monde um while watching a saint's game and playing a big
trumpet as ever so okay i was eating a beignet at cafe du monde as everyone must do during their
our dad has stood outside cafe du monde three times at this point he stood outside waited
bailed and then told us about it three times he stood outside hoping someone will like throw him
a beignet something he waited in line then bailed and then they brought him to the dressing room
tonight so it worked out great i was eating a beignet cafe du monde as everyone must do during
their yearly migration in new orleans and i had to sneeze and it was sudden people who yes everyone
in the room is like i know where this is going i had to sneeze it was sudden so i turned my head
and blasted my roommate with a scarface level of white powder it is it's it's worth noting if you
have it i should clarify a little bit um if you have not had we we have the bags backstage and
it looks like the amount the balance of powdered sugar to beignets is i wish i could go panning
for beignets that's really what we're talking about you know it's like beignets are illegal
but powdered sugar isn't right so they're trying to smuggle them in right uh how do i ask for
another beignet that hasn't been sneezed on that's your that's your concern in this moment that's
beautiful whoopsie in the big easy are you here all right gosh yeah we're gonna make a demand
out the beginning of each show just just fire it off yeah i really so like the first night we were
here um we uh went out to dinner i said and we ordered some beignets and they came and they were
great but it looked like the plating was they just dumped a bunch of powdered sugar on the plate
then put the beignets on top then dumped more on yeah almost like they were trying to make a beignet
mold of some sort i watched our daughters just scoop up sugar like like a cop
in the 70s checking to see if it was actually cocaine sure i watched my daughter sweep her
finger through taste it and nod like this is the stuff this is the stuff it's pure
this is from the cartel i'd recognize this anywhere this is it
um hey this is probably the only city where you could do a bunch of cocaine like a big animal in
the street just and then just kind of walk around and if a cop sees you it's just like
cafe du monde the national treasure well done but i that's true griffin but i've uh been here for
two days i think there's a lot of things you could walk around the streets in orally and see
what it's not gonna bat an eye also also i i i have seen more people that look like they're doing
coke uh and no people that look like they're police officers i've seen very almost none of
like none none i've seen no police officers i've seen more ghosts than i have police officers
i will also say i was walking around today and your local courthouse is also an insect museum
as if they said we're not gonna use this building for anything else
you want to put some bugs in here we're not sending anybody to jail we might as well store butterflies
uh are you okay are you okay
okay i don't i think the wildest part of that story is you all look at butterflies like
we gotta fucking lock them up
uh nothing shall be freer than us you're on trial for being too delicate and beautiful uh yeah i
i think uh i mean you're gonna have to wait in line for six more gregorian hours to get your
replacement beignet so i wouldn't uh recommend that i uh you could probably ask around to like
if there's a lot of people eating beignets i guarantee there's a few people it's like
oh yeah i what if i don't i ate one i'm good for a good long while there's probably somebody
that's still drunk sleeping on a beignet pillow that you can just like gently lift up
just nibble the corners out of from under their sleeping head god i don't know how you all do it
they're really good they're really good you're square i did i mentioned the bag of higher
sugar i did root around there like some sort of specially trained pig to find the beignets
uh how about a yahoo uh yeah i love that
i was gonna i was i was gonna say when you did a munch squat there's no fucking way you're not
doing a haunted doll watch it's a big easy baby anything goes that nolan's magic stop it no you
can't we put a moratorium on saying i'm making jokes i'm sorry i can't about about the great
snl skit we saw about new orleans the day before we came here and then it was like well that's
unavoidable it was just okay it was very good sorry the spirit of jade haunted porcelain doll
very active let me try to break up the pacing of that in a way that makes sense there's no
punctuation to help but the spirit of jade haunted porcelain doll very active i i like that you
threw a question mark in there no it is the spirit of jade i am uh jade was 30 years old when she
passed away she has shared with me that she actually we heard some awes 30 is way above
the curve for these things that's a great full long life to it for a haunted doll jade was 30
years old when she passed away she shared with me that she accidentally fell down an incredibly
steep staircase she repeatedly emphasized just how steep the staircase was it was pretty much
a lighthouse man it was fucked up this was like a totally normal staircase to die on you wouldn't
be embarrassed to die on this you know she fell down a three-step staircase it's just embarrassed
about it oh dude it was like a one inch rise and a one inch run it was ridiculous she was in such
a hurry and she lost her footing she has shown me visions of this happening they are no no hold on
let me show you it's crazy it's so steep if she had been like an mc escher painting if she had
been wearing different shoes her death may have been avoidable am i right sliding doors jade was
not used to her new stilettos jade is so i've never thought about a haunted doll being like
yeah i died but listen it wasn't my fault learn from my mistakes break in your shoes jade's doll
vessel is very tall to the top of her head she is 20 inches tall holy shit if you count her removable
headpiece she is about 25 inches it's like a hit it's like a hat okay hey all hats are removable
head pieces though a removable headpiece not for dollars is the removable headpiece haunted
can i just read this please jade's body is made completely of porcelain including her stomach
okay oh huh all right she jade's body is made completely of porcelain including her stomach
so she does not bend at the waist she is on the heavier side as a result of this hold up hold up
hold up hold up hold up hold up at what point is this a haunted statue i would argue if you're
entirely if you are not if you are not able to flex in any way if you if your joints don't bend
in any way you're a statue at that point yes and she is even more stunning in person jade has so
many beautiful details i tried my best to get pictures showing this i'm going to have to ship
her in a pretty large box and it will likely cost me much more than usual so keep that in mind when
you look at the price can you imagine someone telling you this and then later they were like
there's also a ghost inside of it i should have mentioned actually the ghost is i know i got to
do a lot of details about that but also there's a ghost inside of it um please be prepared for
paranormal activity if you decide to adopt jane she is not a shy lady she loves to make her presence
known and she really revels in attention she may give you a startle at times with loud noises
sometimes it's just like loud banging hitting the outside of the house and suddenly you hear it
inside increasing in speed urgent this can certainly be scary but jade means you no harm
okay i'm not going to know the difference between the outside banging that turns into
faster and faster inside banging that does mean me harm how i don't i don't i don't want to become
inoculated to outside banging that becomes louder and faster inside banging i want that to always
scare the shit out of me she is we've been doing a lot of haunted well you you've done a lot of
haunted doll watches on the show right uh-huh i've never heard of noises outside the house
yeah at what point is the ghost not trapped in a doll yeah uh she is not a dark spirit it would
never harm anyone she has shared with me that she did not okay she has shared with me that she did
not even eat the flesh of animals when she was alive which is let me think the craziest way to
say that possible uh possible jade possesses such a strong positive energy she has such an
uplifting comforting quality she's a ghost jade certainly makes for great company and loves to
stay close to your side she's a ghost again she's a ghost if you leave her in another room as you
sleep you'll often find that she has moved you closer to you hard pass i see you're a non-believer
so let me convince you with these very fast bullet points i'm sorry one jade communicates via
ouija board pendulum evp spirit dies automatic writing and dream walking through dreams she
has showed me events in my future before they happened mostly stairs related jade reveals
her presence with an orb that i describe as electric purple it's neon it's not because that
would not be a ghost uh i've never witnessed orbing as bright as jade's let's delete that
word i've never seen these orbs like these it always she loves everyone equally but has
admitted that babies are her favorite you don't have hold on no you don't that's the wildest
thing in here yet uh listen i know it may seem like i really like babies i like everyone equally
so calm down also no one likes everyone equally this is so wild as an avid animal lover pets are
drawn to her they can sense how she feels a deep adoration for them my eldest cat always wants to
rub up close to her and eventually falls asleep right at her feet hey how giant is your cat gonna
be when you sold her favorite doll for 60 cool dollars hey hey excuse me vicki can we talk about
this for a second that's like my favorite doll to curl up on you know that i've pissed on that doll
for years i've pissed on that doll for years we noticed her facial expression changing comma her
eyes shifting that's a whole bullet point she loves to make sounds as i previously mentioned
she also whispers and hums she does this most when the sun is setting this is her favorite
time of the day good now i know when to be out of the house if we're going to share a space
um okay i just a couple more because again i don't want to spend there's pages so much holy
shit as um as you look at jade's pictures and read about her you may feel her calling to you
are you the one for her jade can't wait to meet you hard sell okay that's how used car salesmen
sell their jeeps does this look like the jeep for you get up in this jeep this is like it gets a
little all-purpose i here towards the end um i cannot stress it enough give spirits time give
them space remain open-minded and you'll be amazed by the way i wrote this i noticed many other sellers
on ebay literally copied and pasted this from me along with other things just letting everyone know
winky face i love this territorial better pros loves ghosts and dolls that's the that's the
primary uh ebay seller um who's buying this hana doll for 60 with a closed mind yeah okay i assume
so it's sold i'm assuming this is sold it's gone it's already gone i'm assuming uh we're going to
do some audience questions from some people who sent them in we're going to call you down one
by one oops it's sold congratulations well done that's $60 uh we have done more for the haunted
doll industry yes all right so we're gonna call a few people down uh go ahead and just head to one
of there's a microphone there and a microphone there whichever one's close um what's your name
shrewd so my question is is recently i've been like writing an extensive story and every time
i come to like a fight scene i don't know how to write it sure so i was wondering how would you
write a fight scene what's your story about though pirates thank you this is this is how i would write
it okay lights up all right one pirate looks at another he says go eat beans i have scurvy
and he starts fighting like a scurvy okay you're describing the action just i want the words in
the book oh wait are these the words in the book this is not a good book my friend wait does he is
he using scurvy like a weapon i have scurvy look out i'm a cop on you i think he talks a lot about
how he has scurvy and then uh about 10 or 15 pages after this middle of the fight he's like actually
well it's a girl pirate okay thank you no this is good it's important because girls can't get scurvy
um no she like stands up to her full height or the inverse of whatever scurvy does and it's like
actually i didn't have scurvy the entire time isn't that good and then she wins the fight
i think it's important when you write um not to spell everything out and to let the audience
kind of fill it in like in their picture so i would just write clang clang clang clang
that's good oof oof ow blood my lifeblood it's everywhere oh no i like i've never seen anyone
move like that i like when authors do that by which i mean i hate it because it's like give me
the words when it's like they drew their swords and then it's like a new paragraph and it's like
the fight was very short new chapter fuck you what happened in the fight tell me everything
make it exhaustively detailed he pulled this she pulled the sword out of the scabbard and the other
one did too they took a step closer then another step then one more step they're almost in sword
fighting distance now one of them stepped back uh-oh the other one took a step forward their back
sort of neutral ground the swords touched a little bit and they didn't wait it's starting to sound
kind of erotic can i can i can i ask is that off the table in this book i'd rather not okay all
right well fair i don't know how you're gonna compete in the very competitive erotic pirate
market oh yeah just keep writing then their swords kissed and the swords kissed again oh
their swords kiss so hard poetic shit don't even ask me to blurb this book because i was gonna write
this book has everything when clearly it doesn't yeah there's a lot of things you're keeping out
of this book um does that help yeah sure no it's not you don't have it doesn't help at all thank
you true thank you hello hello hello you can tilt that microphone up you i believe okay yeah
hey what's your name hey i'm jack hi jack hey um so my question starts with some good news which
is that i have recently graduated college in december thank you thank you um and and continues
with some good news which is that my lovely girlfriend is also attending college still in
grad school fantastic news is well done you all got it all figured out the bad news is that that
has separated us and we now live in different cities so frequently most weekends i have to
go back up to the city where she lives to see her okay which presents a problem and that problem is
that my vape keeps setting off her smoke detector yes um just like romeo and juliet star crossed
lovers of the ages tale as old as time our parents didn't care if we were together but my vape did
so so what i'm wondering is how is it that i can keep spending this wonderful time with
my girlfriend but also keep keep chuffing that cotton yeah crack that fucking cotton
listen you've got to compete at regionals next week you can't stop ripping cotton
you need to practice you'll never learn the triple volcano you don't keep cranking that cotton uh if
you're a cop or an adult family member of mine who's older than me you legally have to pause
the podcast or mute it for a little bit if you take a toilet paper roll or a paper towel roll and stuff
it with a dryer she knows shit i was thinking the exact same thing that'll get you there you
use that for other stuff too unpause cops wait no you're gonna hear it pausing works they'll
never hear the rest of it we had a moving tribute to all later in the episode that they'll never hear
now it was a star-studded event star-studded tribute to god and now here's john legend to talk
about cops i guess okay uh jack your priorities kick ass bud jack jack come inside dinner's ready
i can't babe i gave you the most like sort of uh you know stoner technology answer to that but
there's also windows or blow it somewhere else you can't just blow it under a table or something
what's that yourself a yankee cannonball they're they're fairly large and they kind of
expand into the space though what are you doing dude you gotta have one jack jack do you do you
have your rig with you now no we can't this is a nice theater i don't want him to crank cotton i
just want to see how we're working with the problem is um i've had to replace it temporarily
with a jewel because otherwise i can't go visit my girlfriend oh my god save that for how did
this get made the the cloud chucker just sits in my room now sad and forlorn because i can't bring
it to baton rouge if you had brought it i could have fixed it for you i just would have swapped
out the coils for some ohms how often is this happening my man um well it would happen every
time that i went up there which is why i've had to switch because i love my girlfriend and she
loves me she does not love having to deal with a fire alarm going off every time i visit uh yeah
okay yeah i i honestly the blank i hate to say this but the blame lies with your girlfriend you
you know what no no no hear me out you should have taken the batteries out of the fire alarm
long ago and or and you should have disconnected it and thrown it in the garbage because the
important thing is that my god jack keeps cranking that cotton and that's the last we ever heard of
them hey everybody it's just a mackerel human and non-podcaster leave those things they're
extremely important those are your helpful fire friends uh yeah i don't know what other advice we
can give you jack other than turn your head in a different direction look for a i don't care how
fat the cotton is that you're blowing find a 20 cubic foot space that you can exhale into a nice
pillow you have so many options jack in fact jack i think you just got up here to brag about how
fat your fucking cotton is and jack jack jack i wish that was this was the first time we had
fucking fallen for that on this show that says a lot about us and our audience if you were
interested in this and this is completely your choice but maybe your girlfriend can help you
quit i'm sorry what was your name again hi kelly kelly kelly kelly kelly um next time that uh jack
cranks just some huge cotton look at him wait three beats and say damn dude that cotton's
outrageous and just keep just keep doing it over and over again especially when it's not
yeah when it's really mediocre cotton and eventually jack will be so self-conscious
i'll go back to cigarettes oh yeah that's great where he belongs holy shit when you see jack like
raise the baby get really i get really like oh call somebody on the phone like he's
get over it hold on open up vine hold on this is going on instagram go ahead jack
uh jack i know that doesn't help but it was good for us very much thank you thank you
all right bren i assume okay bren thank you for joining us bren's we ask people to keep
the things they sent in succinct uh and just leave enough things to mystery uh that can give
us enough sort of stuff to play with enough goof runway uh bren's teaser is the best thing we've
ever received in our email inbox uh and do you want me to read what the teaser was or do you
want to go for it what bren sent in is genius she's sending the teaser for my question is
corn vending machine what
i think i speak for the room when i say we're all ears
okay so i'm from south louisiana but i'm attending college in north louisiana where
there's a lot of hunting okay so there's a lot of deer corn vending machines what is
deer corn yeah deer corn is what you lay out to attract the deers like shoot them yeah okay
like dried corn what do they do to it that makes it not griffin corn it's not on a cob
it's what it's not on a cob i can enjoy corn not on the cob
so the first time that i heard about it i was thinking like it's an actual corn on the cob
vending machine yeah so how can we make that happen okay
welcome to dragon's den yeah right you've confused our show with shark tank
oh my god but if you are looking for investors you have come to the right place
because i am interested and i'll give you a bajillion dollars okay all right here i go here
i go here i go the part where the corn lives that you can see it through the glass does have to be
refrigerated just for food safety reasons when you buy it it's going to go down a tube there's
three different tubes regular tube butter tube butter and salt tube at some point that tube's
got to go through a hot zone hot something you know the cup that picks up your bottle from some
vending machines and takes it out that's just filled with boiling water so it picks up your
raw corn boils it right there as you watch and then it shoots it out at you super fast but you
gotta watch out for deer because they got wind of this they love that shit they love it they they
said we're tired of you selling us dried bags of murder corn can you imagine fucking being a deer
and seeing someone just eat real food corn and be like fuck soft corn no wonder we keep getting
blasted i can't believe i died for hard crumbly corn this is the pits oh brian i wish i lived in
your world just climb inside that brain and just live right in there that's the kind of brain brand
you got the kind of brain that had not only fleetingly had the idea of corn vending machines
but then another part of your brain was like hey good stuff let's hold on to that for a little bit
okay let's go ahead and cling to that concept for a grip because it's going to be useful someday
this is your this is your own personal slumdog millionaire it's just the moment that that idea
waited for because somebody sitting in here is a vending machine magnate who was like
i'll find brian after the show or i'll steal that yes that's more likely um does that does that i
was gonna say does that help but i don't know that there's any way it possibly could help we
have to splinter our reality into another dimension um which doesn't did that not help
i mean it didn't not help it did not help thank you brian take it and thank you to you new orleans
for having us here we can bring those lights back down yeah it's a little bit scary this has been
the most fucking fun spot to hang out in for three days we have had the best time thank you all so
much this is this is not a joke it has been my dream since i was a child to come visit new
orleans like i've been thinking about it for decades yeah and it was so it totally lived up
to it and it's been amazing now is that because he thought he'd meet gambit yes yes and i thought
gambit would look like harry connor jr like those two uh thank you i i asked somebody like hey is
gambit big down here and this is a response uh yeah gambit's big down here uh thank you to the
orpheum theater for having us here they've always been super nice thank you to paul saboren thank
you paul paul you are um we it would be impossible for us to try and do this without paul he is a god
send if you haven't listened to paul and storm go check it out paul yeah dot gov what is it
thank you to maximum fun for having us on the network go to maximum fun dot org check out all
the great shows there uh thank you to john roderick and the long winters for the use of
our theme song it's a departure off the album putting the days to bed also thank you to our
families and thank you to our dad and our wives and our kids and everybody for thank you i want
to say thank you to a great little podcast called shmanners that i i just adore i also want to say
thank you to sawbones yes thank you to our daddy and thank you to amanda and amanda who also helps
us put on and ca and thank you to this beautiful beautiful theater for having us it's been a treat
to do shows here the last two days you all have been amazing thank you so much thank you um every
week every week on my brother my brother and me we like to uh read a question from the yahoo
answer service and then we come back to it the next week with some of our thoughts that we have
developed about it so here's our one to grow on for this week yeah this one was sent in by emily
thank you emily it's yahoo answers user bobby who asks can i cook raw chicken in the michael wave
okay my name is justin mcelroy i'm trippin mcelroy is it my brother my brother and me kiss your dad
square on the lips
you
maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported welcome back and thank you dan
for that scathing report as you know max fun drive is coming up march 18th to march 29th which has
some folks pretty excited but as families around the world get ready to celebrate this season of
giving community and quality podcasts some are wondering if it's just too much are they though
they are some people are all for comedy and culture but with 45 shows offering hundreds
of hours of bonus content plus all the max fun meetups taking place around the world
some people think it's too much while other people think it sounds totally awesome i took
my granddaughter to the mall to get her picture taken and the mall pod fairy was short and i you
know i'm just gonna say it i'm sorry but everyone knows the pod fairy is tall well i think we should
just leave it there until next time here's the news you need to know max fun drive runs from march
18th through 29th be sure to listen to all of your favorite podcasts i know i will